what can I meet their standards yeah elle it is a pyramid structure that
are maybe yeah if the the the the little I say about that is all
the standards are laid out so hi at the right time if the person was
told to locked out of the U. S. requirements for advancing to rate
and take the second class exam and failed to do that although I don't
like to recommend you for second class and nobody whining about that
but frankly one thing that you have to watch out for is is if you
do have a free or out there and then the three lows make a lot of noise
and a lot of auto gravitas they usually that means someone else
is picking up the slack for that person you do we that out with your
chief petty officer or the division officer figure out really stand
watch god to take care of the people that are a little too the only
okay you've got to try to take care of